
Not found : SIGCHI ,AAAI ,AISTATS,JIST,WebSci ,CHIIR ,ICTIR ,CoNLL ,DSAA 


Database
	acmspecialinterestgroupondatacommunication	2675
	symposiumonprinciplesofdatabasesystems	833
	verylargedatabases	4440
	internationalconferenceondataengineering	4470
	extendingdatabasetechnology	1486
	databasesystemsforadvancedapplications	1640
	conferenceoninnovativedatasystemsresearch	316
	internationalconferenceondatabasetheory	481
	advancesindatabasesandinformationsystems	946
	databaseandexpertsystemsapplications	4017
	statisticalandscientificdatabasemanagement	900
	datawarehousingandknowledgediscovery	670


Data Mining
	knowledgediscoveryanddatamining	4839
	internationalconferenceondatamining	4319
	conferenceoninformationandknowledgemanagement	4483
	siaminternationalconferenceondatamining	1193
	advancesinsocialnetworksanalysisandmining	1296

Human Computer Interaction
	intelligentuserinterfaces	1488
	conferenceoncomputersupportedcooperativework	2552
	
Machine Learning
	neuralinformationprocessingsystems	6355
	internationalconferenceonmachinelearning	3963
	internationalconferenceonlearningrepresentations	157
	
Artificial Intelligence
	internationaljointconferenceonartificialintelligence	6882
	uncertaintyinartificialintelligence	1984
	europeanconferenceonartificialintelligence	2688

World Wide Web
	worldwideweb	309
	websearchanddatamining	702
	acmconferenceonhypertext	1155
	internationalsemanticwebconference	1976
	europeansemanticwebconference	553
	webintelligence	2358
	knowledgescienceengineeringandmanagement	242
	internationalconferenceonweblogsandsocialmedia	964
	socialinformatics	402

Information Retrieval
	internationalacmsigirconferenceonresearchanddevelopmentininformationretrieval 4104
	europeanconferenceoninformationretrieval	1223
	conferenceonrecommendersystems	825

Software Engineering
	internationalconferenceonsoftwaretestingverificationandvalidation	945
	internationalconferenceonsoftwareengineering	5759
	automatedsoftwareengineering	1923
	acmsigsoftsoftwareengineeringnotes	1810
	miningsoftwarerepositories	504
	computersoftwareandapplicationsconference	4067

Multimedia
	advancesinmobilemultimedia	659
	acmmultimedia	4370
	internationalconferenceonmultimediaretrieval	549
	multimediasystems	854

Natural Language Processing
	empiricalmethodsinnaturallanguageprocessing	2020
	internationaljointconferenceonnaturallanguageprocessing	730
	internationalconferenceoncomputationallogistics	286
	internationalconferenceoncomputationallinguistics	4351
	conferenceoftheeuropeanchapteroftheassociationforcomputationallinguistics	783
	languageresourcesandevaluation	4437
	
Digital Library
	internationalconferenceonasiandigitallibraries	802
	acmieeejointconferenceondigitallibraries	242
	theoryandpracticeofdigitallibraries	333
	
Miscellaneous
	foundationsofcomputerscience	2700
	symposiumondiscretealgorithms	2858
	acmsymposiumonappliedcomputing	5772
	advancedinformationnetworkingandapplications	4477
	managementofemergentdigitalecosystems	339
	ieeetransactionsonbigdata	66
	

["acmspecialinterestgroupondatacommunication","symposiumonprinciplesofdatabasesystems","verylargedatabases","internationalconferenceondataengineering","extendingdatabasetechnology","databasesystemsforadvancedapplications","conferenceoninnovativedatasystemsresearch","internationalconferenceondatabasetheory","advancesindatabasesandinformationsystems","databaseandexpertsystemsapplications","statisticalandscientificdatabasemanagement","datawarehousingandknowledgediscovery","knowledgediscoveryanddatamining","internationalconferenceondatamining","conferenceoninformationandknowledgemanagement","siaminternationalconferenceondatamining","advancesinsocialnetworksanalysisandmining","intelligentuserinterfaces","conferenceoncomputersupportedcooperativework","neuralinformationprocessingsystems","internationalconferenceonmachinelearning","internationalconferenceonlearningrepresentations","internationaljointconferenceonartificialintelligence","uncertaintyinartificialintelligence","europeanconferenceonartificialintelligence","worldwideweb","websearchanddatamining","acmconferenceonhypertext","internationalsemanticwebconference","europeansemanticwebconference","webintelligence","knowledgescienceengineeringandmanagement","internationalconferenceonweblogsandsocialmedia","socialinformatics","internationalacmsigirconferenceonresearchanddevelopmentininformationretrieval","europeanconferenceoninformationretrieval","conferenceonrecommendersystems","internationalconferenceonsoftwaretestingverificationandvalidation","internationalconferenceonsoftwareengineering","automatedsoftwareengineering","acmsigsoftsoftwareengineeringnotes","miningsoftwarerepositories","computersoftwareandapplicationsconference","advancesinmobilemultimedia","acmmultimedia","internationalconferenceonmultimediaretrieval","multimediasystems","empiricalmethodsinnaturallanguageprocessing","internationaljointconferenceonnaturallanguageprocessing","internationalconferenceoncomputationallogistics","internationalconferenceoncomputationallinguistics","conferenceoftheeuropeanchapteroftheassociationforcomputationallinguistics","languageresourcesandevaluation","internationalconferenceonasiandigitallibraries","acmieeejointconferenceondigitallibraries","theoryandpracticeofdigitallibraries","foundationsofcomputerscience","symposiumondiscretealgorithms","acmsymposiumonappliedcomputing","advancedinformationnetworkingandapplications","managementofemergentdigitalecosystems","ieeetransactionsonbigdata"]


verylargedatabases- found
neuralinformationprocessingsystems- found
statisticalandscientificdatabasemanagement- found
internationalconferenceonasiandigitallibraries- found
conferenceoninformationandknowledgemanagement- found
internationalconferenceonsoftwaretestingverificationandvalidation- found
webintelligence- found
internationalconferenceonmultimediaretrieval- found
europeanconferenceonartificialintelligence- found
internationalconferenceoncomputationallogistics- found
europeanconferenceoninformationretrieval- found
languageresourcesandevaluation- found
acmconferenceonhypertext- found
acmspecialinterestgroupondatacommunication- found
conferenceonrecommendersystems- found
extendingdatabasetechnology- found
acmieeejointconferenceondigitallibraries- found
acmsymposiumonappliedcomputing- found
advancedinformationnetworkingandapplications- found
knowledgescienceengineeringandmanagement- found
socialinformatics- found
multimediasystems- found
internationalconferenceonlearningrepresentations- found
internationalconferenceoncomputationallinguistics- found
internationalacmsigirconferenceonresearchanddevelopmentininformationretrieval- found
foundationsofcomputerscience- found
theoryandpracticeofdigitallibraries- found
miningsoftwarerepositories- found
websearchanddatamining- found
internationaljointconferenceonartificialintelligence- found
conferenceoftheeuropeanchapteroftheassociationforcomputationallinguistics- found
automatedsoftwareengineering- found
conferenceoninnovativedatasystemsresearch- found
empiricalmethodsinnaturallanguageprocessing- found
advancesindatabasesandinformationsystems- found
advancesinsocialnetworksanalysisandmining- found
internationaljointconferenceonnaturallanguageprocessing- found
internationalconferenceonsoftwareengineering- found
internationalsemanticwebconference- found
managementofemergentdigitalecosystems- found
ieeetransactionsonbigdata- found
symposiumonprinciplesofdatabasesystems- found
acmsigsoftsoftwareengineeringnotes- found
acmmultimedia- found
conferenceoncomputersupportedcooperativework- found
internationalconferenceondatamining- found
computersoftwareandapplicationsconference- found
databasesystemsforadvancedapplications- found
internationalconferenceonmachinelearning- found
internationalconferenceondatabasetheory- found
europeansemanticwebconference- found
datawarehousingandknowledgediscovery- found
intelligentuserinterfaces- found
advancesinmobilemultimedia- found
uncertaintyinartificialintelligence- found
knowledgediscoveryanddatamining- found
databaseandexpertsystemsapplications- found
internationalconferenceonweblogsandsocialmedia- found
worldwideweb- found
internationalconferenceondataengineering- found
siaminternationalconferenceondatamining- found
symposiumondiscretealgorithms- found


Database
	acmspecialinterestgroupondatacommunication	
	symposiumonprinciplesofdatabasesystems	
	verylargedatabases	
	internationalconferenceondataengineering	
	extendingdatabasetechnology	
	databasesystemsforadvancedapplications	
	conferenceoninnovativedatasystemsresearch	
	internationalconferenceondatabasetheory	
	advancesindatabasesandinformationsystems	
	databaseandexpertsystemsapplications	
	statisticalandscientificdatabasemanagement	
	datawarehousingandknowledgediscovery	


Data Mining
	knowledgediscoveryanddatamining	
	internationalconferenceondatamining	
	conferenceoninformationandknowledgemanagement	
	siaminternationalconferenceondatamining	
	advancesinsocialnetworksanalysisandmining	

Human Computer Interaction
	intelligentuserinterfaces	
	conferenceoncomputersupportedcooperativework	
	
Machine Learning
	neuralinformationprocessingsystems	
	internationalconferenceonmachinelearning	
	internationalconferenceonlearningrepresentations	
	
Artificial Intelligence
	internationaljointconferenceonartificialintelligence	
	uncertaintyinartificialintelligence	
	europeanconferenceonartificialintelligence	

World Wide Web
	worldwideweb	
	websearchanddatamining	
	acmconferenceonhypertext	
	internationalsemanticwebconference	
	europeansemanticwebconference	
	webintelligence	
	knowledgescienceengineeringandmanagement	
	internationalconferenceonweblogsandsocialmedia	
	socialinformatics	

Information Retrieval
	internationalacmsigirconferenceonresearchanddevelopmentininformationretrieval 
	europeanconferenceoninformationretrieval	
	conferenceonrecommendersystems	

Software Engineering
	internationalconferenceonsoftwaretestingverificationandvalidation	
	internationalconferenceonsoftwareengineering	
	automatedsoftwareengineering	
	acmsigsoftsoftwareengineeringnotes	
	miningsoftwarerepositories	
	computersoftwareandapplicationsconference	

Multimedia
	advancesinmobilemultimedia	
	acmmultimedia	
	internationalconferenceonmultimediaretrieval	
	multimediasystems	

Natural Language Processing
	empiricalmethodsinnaturallanguageprocessing	
	internationaljointconferenceonnaturallanguageprocessing	
	internationalconferenceoncomputationallogistics	
	internationalconferenceoncomputationallinguistics	
	conferenceoftheeuropeanchapteroftheassociationforcomputationallinguistics	
	languageresourcesandevaluation	
	
Digital Library
	internationalconferenceonasiandigitallibraries	
	acmieeejointconferenceondigitallibraries	
	theoryandpracticeofdigitallibraries	
	
Miscellaneous
	foundationsofcomputerscience	
	symposiumondiscretealgorithms	
	acmsymposiumonappliedcomputing	
	advancedinformationnetworkingandapplications	
	managementofemergentdigitalecosystems	
	ieeetransactionsonbigdata	